Today he left the head of the fitness consultant
In this video, about 5 steps of gaining weight by 9kg in 49 days
We will continue to talk
By watching this video you quickly build muscle and gain weight quickly
Can
The shortest 3 to recede body
You will be able to get the body according to the image with interest
So please be sure to watch until the end here notice of presents to you here
At the end of this video we will guide you to the page you will receive 13 presents
Please then by all means get way to put a gold Juku is the know-how Collection packed in the shortest fastest
So let's talk about this theme
Woven Let's do you not want to increase the body weight to help muscle and firmly
You don't want to fall back on your lean body to become confident in yourself
I tried to experiment troubled forever and ever want to increase anyway want to increase the body weight
Do, for example, a self-taught push-ups and Hindu squats to the gluttony
Bad pro
10 I forced you to drink it and I gave up that it was a bad constitution
There are many who gave up in the vision It is such a person who has such trouble
I was also trouble at this time of Well then camp
It is ridiculous for those who want to lose weight and want to lose weight
It may be a thing
I want to take weight and I want to gain weight
But I really understand your feelings
When I was too thin there was a physical complex
It is really disgusting to be an idiot by others, and it is possible to add muscle and gain weight for 100
I always wanted to be
Increase the body weight to help with firmly the muscles that are not Shibobutori
I want to do this I received a consultation from a lot of people like this, so this time
about
In my case I will advise from my experience
Muscle training at the start of the stoop at the height 181 cm Weight 62 kg Moyashikko
A type in which the inborn gastrointestinal tract is weak and can not eat
A lean muscle with frequent diarrhea
The pile wrists are thin and the joints are small, so you can not hold anything heavy
There are not many rooms as you see it, but this way I could do it
The following is a 49-day back step to gain weight on first aid gram muscles
is
1 muscle training diet
4 for 39 for wide
Get a very a advice to 5 excellent one Seikosha
Let's look at one by one
I do muscle training mainly on squats and dead lifts
Promotes secretion of growth hormone and androgen necessary for muscle development mainly
It is to do
Quite a small muscle is put off, such as large muscle thing to train the shoulder and arms, such as foot ass back breast
is
I like the amount of training overall
Hide and focus on heavy in a short time
Users who do exercise will never interfere with muscle growth such as jogging and swimming bicycles
And I do not do extra things Stretch Pilates yoga others
Diet in not related at all to weight gain
Just before the start of the weight gain program
Fast your protein to starve your body
Containing protein because I was working on weight loss to participate in the body contest
All nutrients
I was temporarily reducing it, so my body was starved and then
You are now ready to muscle takes in the nutrition in one fell swoop
1 day of food after hunger
Increase the number of times you eat to increase total calories from green to eight meals a day
Because it is also made of muscle, increase the amount to eat little by little and train
Recommended to eat the stomach bag Recommended Chanko Nabeya
It's also good for risotto burger
Also take digestive enzymes, such as at the same time powerful Wakamoto
39 I take a nap every day
Nap I want 1 of 6 sleep in this length 20 minutes
Brain but the REM sleep're in you body is cheap is a scene that has been active 4 child this sleep
Awakening is refreshing, and for work and activities from the afternoon
I'm going to sleep for at least 8 hours with lots of total sleep time
Things like tiring outside and not muscle training, which that further unnecessary
For example, physical hard work and leisure sex
I will not do any of these things
Better eat well to the training in moderation
I did not feel something
The contents introduced here are exactly like the menu that sumo wrestlers are doing
Also he et al decades to take a nap to eat the training then Tarafuku Chanko in the morning hungry
It is established by doing such a method
It is a successful method of weight gaining They perform this method to fullness and gain weight Come on
Add a fourth recording, please imitate
Measure and record with a scale and body fat scale at a fixed time each day
I can see improvement points by keeping records, I do not planing
Please because changes in diet psychological and say anything to leave to record and analyze them
To improve
Five
Get advice on face-to-face with the excellent Issei Shosha
This'll really is nice I shake when you're doing the gold up while reading a book in one person at home
It is successful to join the training gym
I got results in a short time when I was taught directly by a bodybuilder
Bodybuilders are originally thin and it is now
Many people started training with flex
And go devised a method of attaching the muscle to various ideas, such as training ho dietary laws
is
If you receive advice from face-to-face with such live textbooks directly and execute it
It is early to get results
Please consult with a reliable bodybuilder who is not troubled alone
If you can meet someone close to you and talk, please pay for it, but you should play it
The shortcut to success is now when I start muscle training
We succeeded in increasing in muscle from 62 kg to 85 kg
And the result
What happened to me I became confident in myself For many years the concrete complex was dissolved
Was
It became strange to women and now I can have confidence so it is natural
Appear in the attitudes and behavior
The other party is now us favorably in contact with both men and women
I was able to be at first glance from the friends and friends of the training gym
Something about a successful person
I can now be seen with a respected look and now I can walk outside with my heart
This is not just a brilliance but a fact that is happening in reality
And of course you also have a chance
Please try it by all means only a certain execution if there aspirations
It is very important this time that we pray for good luck
Four
Then, it is guidance of present that we promised first
Fly to the following page and build muscle at the shortest speed
13 Get this collection of know-how Smartphones and tablets are below
Please click on the url of the explanatory note and you will find useful information next time
We will deliver, so by all means from here
Please register your channel Smartphones and tablets are below
Please link the text channel registration
Today also Thank you very much I received your watch to the end just below